Doc: add RDS to privatelink docs (#17071)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/ops/network-security/privatelink.md

     ```sql
    CREATE CONNECTION privatelink_svc TO AWS PRIVATELINK (
        SERVICE NAME 'com.amazonaws.vpce.<region_id>.vpce-svc-<endpoint_service_id>',
        AVAILABILITY ZONES ('use1-az1', 'use1-az2', 'use1-az3')
    );
    ```

>     Update the list of the availability zones to match the ones that you are using in your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Update the list of the availability zones to match the ones in your AWS account.
```

  WITH (SIZE = '3xsmall');
```
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab "AWS RDS">}}
```sql
CREATE CONNECTION pg_connection TO POSTGRES (
    HOST 'instance.foo000.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com',
    PORT 5432,
    DATABASE postgres,
    USER postgres,
    PASSWORD SECRET pgpass,
    AWS PRIVATELINK privatelink_svc
);
```

> You can use the above Postgres connections to create a [Postgres source](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-source/postgres/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PostgreSQL connection can then be reused across multiple [CREATE SOURCE](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-source/postgres/) statements:
```

Reviewer: For consistency with the MSK guide!
